One of the really great things about
cypress though is not only we'll
go look for these things but
it turns out a lot of times when we're
writing JavaScript we're doing
stuff this asynchronous, right?
Maybe we got to make some API calls so
on and so forth.
So let's go ahead and let's make
this something that will not happen.
So we kind of say like there's no
such thing as a form of two M's.
So go ahead, you'll see that it's
trying for a little bit, right,
and it timed out after retrying for
four seconds.
You can adjust this, it's a configuration.
You can adjust it overall for cypress,
you can adjust it on a per test
at runtime so on and so forth.
But the nice part is four seconds seems
reasonable especially if you're running on
localhost for your API to get back to you.
And if it's an API you don't control,
we will talk about that.
It's fine, but like four seconds,
seems relatively good for
any kind of animation
that was going to happen.
So it will continue trying to look for
it or basically run that selector for
about four seconds or whatever you
decide it should be and then eventually,
then it will give up.
So that's super,
super interesting as well.
The other thing that we're gonna
learn about this is while not
having any assertions counts as success,
not finding something on
the page counts as failure.
So if it retries and it gives up,
that is a failure case.
So for instance, the should is super
interesting if you want to say like,
I should have this class or
should have whatever, right?
There's a should but
it should exist, right?
If it fails to find it, that's a failure.
You can just kind of go forward with that
not necessarily have to worry about it.
So here we can save it,
it will still fail in the same way.
All right expected to find that we
get the same basic fact in there.
If you want to say that like the,
the alternate like that you might want
to do say that it should not exist.
And that's exactly as
you think it might be.
Mark.
>> Was something like contains is there a
good way to handle multiple languages or.
>> So with that you probably like you have
access to all so the question was for
something like 10s.
What if we were doing
internationalization, or
we have multiple languages so
on, and so forth.
With Cypress and we'll kind of
explore this as we go through,
you do have access to like the window
object, the document object, the URL.
So if that is maybe the language
that the browser is set to or
something along those lines,
you can both set that and then verify it
to make sure that okay, it should say
Add item if they're in like, end us.
But if it's the browsers
currently set to German,
then we should see this
other thing as well, right?
So you can kind of control all those like
some of that will matter what how you have
implemented that internationalization,
whether it's based on the language
preferences of the browser.
Whether like you do it through local
store or something along those lines.
However the details of the implementation
matter a lot around how you've
implemented the feature itself,
but you have access to everything
in the browser from the window object
to the document object to the URL bar.
So everything that you
had access to implement
that you have access to test it as well.
The other quick thing that we should
point out is like contains for
instance that's just gonna look for
the word Add Item somewhere, right?
You can also chain these.
So you could say that the Add Item
should only be in the form or
something along those lines.
You can also jQuery has a find method
which says go find this one thing.
And then within that element go find
through as children go find another one so
you can scope these a little bit better,
as well.
And you can also say
like in your assertion.
You can also assert that a given element
that you found with its selector
has a text or in the case of input
field value, you can look for
actual markup, so on and so forth, right?
And so the other thing to point
out here is if you were worried,
about the fact that the should take
a series of strings, and you're like,
how am I ever going to get autocomplete?
I'm not memorizing that.
You don't have to that's what that
reference above is this pulling
the type script definition as well and
doing that.